Add example which uses state handlers to log durations (#909)
PrefectHQ/prefect: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] updates `CHANGELOG.md` (if appropriate)
- [ ] updates docstrings for any new functions or function arguments, including `docs/outline.toml` for API reference docs (if appropriate)

> Note that your PR will not be reviewed until you attempt to address the above action items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that your PR will not be reviewed unless all three boxes are checked.
```
